Okay, let's see,
eh, I find this very pathetic,
honestly. I mean, I'm not telling you. Oh,
look at it, why don't they invite you to
events? Oh, I don't know what, envious, really,
this seems very pathetic to me, I mean,
after yesterday's act, eh, seeing
Rubius and Gref here, who needs to
hold his mouth together. The truth is, it gives me a little bit of the creeps, it gives me
a little bit of the creeps, really, I'm telling
you, okay. It turns out that they've
made peace in private. After
all, the thing is, they can't see each other. I mean, yes, I
already said it yesterday, it's that they can't see each
other. Rubius kept talking negatively about them when before he didn't even say that they'd done anything because he invited them reluctantly, he invited them Without me being able to see them. What happens is that they have to collaborate because since they both amass large audiences, to bring them together, and this is
done by a lot of elite people, they keep
quiet about each other, but the
truth is, there come times when they
explode because when you start keeping back, you start keeping back, you
go
saving things Well it has to come
out somewhere right and it was already noticeable and
now it's not Well look at the passes and
everything so nice Javi, what is being
thrown in his face is the same thing that Dallas
exposed to him in the debate on the
leak of nudes of a nurse
Thanks king for the super chat it is
exactly what he is explaining that they
are throwing
the previous one in his face and basically they are canceling it so that they do not call the speaker anymore Let's see, let's see it come on at 7 we have met to play Fortnite and to fight to the death live insult each other and magnify what was experienced yesterday in the Tournament
okay let's see guys I'll tell you what happened
in the tournament yesterday please if
someone uploads this to tiktok which I know that yes
eh Don't upload it cut dude don't
upload the phrase in the middle try to have
a little eh
communicative responsibility I just invented this
expression but I mean today it is it's
a shame and it is also an advantage on
tiktok and people consume
vertical clips eh very  shorts and that's how
people find out things then
eh Sometimes it goes well and sometimes it goes really
badly and they cut a clip and it seems like you
're saying something that isn't really what you
're saying So if
someone reuploads it for me please
no no no I didn't cut it to Mala Fe only I
ask you that or rather since to
do that but I would ask you as a
favor when eh I try to
explain things a little live okay eh There are
people who have just uploaded it let's see
guys basically I'm going to explain
this very briefly because it's true that El
Rubius and I have just met up to
play some games of Fortnite as
much as it may surprise you I didn't know kref was
the new RAE inventing
words I am what I am I'm going to put on my
glasses even from Fortnite og to
explain what happened let's see basically
yesterday was the Fortnite r tournament og
or GT
and and nothing you already know that the Squadron played
nerfed we had the first Nerf
we won the first game And then the
second nerf which was similar to the
first but  we couldn't heal Well we
also
won this obviously because there are people
who don't feel good because Well how can they
win two games like that Well in
short we were invited to the tournament
we tried to do the best we could
as a group and that's it and we
won and and and well It's true that there's one
thing That makes me a little a little
angry on Twitch or in the live streams
And it is that it seems that sometimes you have to
be bad or take a game as a joke to be liked
or to seem like you
're doing the right thing you know I've
always been very competitive my
friends are too and when we
get together in a group uh in a squad
well we try to win more if we are
nerfed which I understand that being
nerfed well we try to win and that's it no
problem we won the
first two games the truth is that I
don't understand how we won the second one
because we were in the late at 30 health
all but well we got through it and we
won So at this moment
that I didn't see it live yesterday uh I know
that Rubius got heated and  he told us something
that thank goodness I didn't see at the
time I only saw the end
em said something and then apologized
okay because yesterday what was happening is that you
know how the chats are and there is a
moment when so many people are watching you
that you can't control it and
when Rubius nerfed us to play only with
pico Well in Rubius's chat they were
saying Hey they are crying that
you nerfed them only to pico when
I was Here doing somersaults in the
room and drink I spent the whole
tournament joking we made the top two eh
pico playing with the bush and of course and they
were telling me in my chat eh
Rubius is eh crying so You know
how the chats are that try to eh provoke
the communities and there is a moment that
is uh inevitable then all this
Yesterday when the tournament ended okay And I
left the live like I left because I left
really angry I mean I
was very happy the whole tournament and very
joking and and putting up with all kinds of
comments good or good and bad But
at the end of the tournament there was  a few words
from Rubius that I didn't like Okay and
then I said it live I say the
copy paste this famous one from eh Don't
disrespect me eh shut your
mouth let's see I have the copy paste I
put it ok it seems to me that he
is quite quite
quite angry and
serious
eh In this clip eh contura your words
crack I'm not going to
pass there anymore I mean I don't know if he's
acting But he's angry I mean I've
never seen Gref this angry not like that
seriously I mean he's a guy who always raises
everything a lot I mean he
always doesn't give a damn about anything
that is said about him he never gets angry and he's
here serious eh like [ __ ] this in
person no and they fight over there I'm not going to pass there anymore
eh I'm not going to pass there Calm down a
little we've adapted to your
tournament and we've won two games
after the biggest nerf in history
don't be disrespectful eh I don't give a damn support
whoever you are I'm not going to pass there anymore
we're joking and I've been joking the whole
tournament Take care of your
mouth I can  listen to it Don't take care of it,
keep your words crack, I'm not
going through there anymore, I'm not going through there anymore eh No, I don't see any
neuro acting, I don't, I don't know, I think it's not
acting eh I'm
not going through there Calm down a little, we've adapted to your tournament and we've won two games after the biggest nerf in history, don't be disrespectful eh I don't give a damn, support whoever you are, I'm not going through there anymore we're
joking and I've been joking the
whole
tournament Watch your mouth, I
can hear it bro, take care of it, keep
your words I
think he's serious, man I
think he's
serious well eh basically I noticed that El
Rubius not only disrespected me
but he disrespected the group and
then I ended the stream a little
angry without saying anything crazy
Because at that moment I said don't disrespect me
and I cut the stream so what I
did was write to him privately
and I said Hey Rubius eh I'm sorry if
our way of playing bothered you, we
have adapted to the nerf, we have
tried to do our best  that we have been
able to eh but know that your
words at the end eh They have not sat
well with me personally nor with the group
because he did not address just me but he
addressed the squad he said something like
eh the next time I have a
tournament well I know that they are kids with
lack of attention or something like that so
for me that crossed the line a bit and I
told him I said Hey I did not think what
you said at the end was right eh
Thanks for inviting us We have played the
best that we could that's it And
then Rubius told me to talk about it that
for me that already showed enough eh he
told me Hey if you want we can call each other
on discord and what and we talked about it and for me that
already shows what an
attitude Alex is Well we talked about it we
talked about it he is looking at the microphone and I
say the
microphone It is that the mic Well I will
tell you later that you asked me something about
this microphone before and this microphone It is that
apart this microphone has to have
a series of things you will know
an amplifier and so on and of wanting to
talk things over and there at
first I have to well thank him
and be grateful that he has that attitude  because you ca
n't imagine how many people upon
receiving that message from me would have said
whatever they wanted
live and that's it and wouldn't have
cared about fixing things
so we made the call I
also included the squad because I think
they should have been there too
and Rubius was live at that moment
okay And we told him I think Well
that conversation is on his live I
told him that I think it was a
better thing to solve in private and that
tomorrow live we would comment that
surely everything was fine which is the
case and that's it total eh he hung up
live and we talked about it privately on
discord which is Well honestly how
things should be done Oh and and I do
n't think what happens in public should be done in private
I mean if you
disrespect me in public you have to
fix it in public Let's see Well you
can talk about it privately and then okay
Yes yes yes then you have to say something in
public of course what I was saying
before we won two games
chats they were heating each other up
I didn't see that live but Rubius
kind of said some not
too nice words to the group and then  He
apologized because the chat heated him up and
then he said Damn but they've won
two games eh paying attention to the
nerfs and without cheating Well the thing is that we have to
congratulate them and that's it
Eh so he explained that to us in the
call and such And in the end Here is the
key What happened what happened in the end Is
that in the last game the
surprise game that was with Pico and without loot he
saw me winning the game on
tilted floors eh with a campfire that was there
in the middle and then that made him
explode a little Ah Because he saw me
doing that Then he said well
this is crazy it's that gref it's that they
are kids with a lack of attention not
only directing addressing me eh
But the whole group and I explained it to him
well he said that he had a problem that he was
thinking if it could be a
mental problem the call and I told him look eh
Rubius sincerely I have read in the
discord that you could not get loot and
that it was only with Pico okay So in the
end I saw the campfire I saw that there was no
nobody was in a corner and I
used it and I said look if I
use it and win the game well perfect
if it's illegal then nothing happens they give it
to the top two you can see who
died the second to last in the game and that's it
eh but he was already heated up
that he had from the whole tournament Well it was
like a spark that detonated so
I said to him Hey sincerely I apologize
because I hadn't heard the rules
well I didn't know that you couldn't It's that what he
's saying is a lie because I
knew doing it surely he didn't do it have you
heard
something or I hear
visions that you had problems I was
thinking if it could be a problem I could
catch him cornered and I used it and I
said look if I use it and win the
game well perfect if it's illegal then
nothing happens they give it to the top two you
can see who died the
second to last in the game and that's it eh
but he was already heated up that he had
from the whole tournament Well it was like a
spark that detonated so I
said to him Hey sincerely I apologize because I had
n't heard the rules well  I didn't
know that you couldn't It's that what you
're saying is a lie Because
knowing him surely he didn't do it have
you heard something man I heard
a voice I
swear I swear I heard a
voice I heard a voice I swear
well listen to me uh he did it to be a pain in the
ass he did it to
cheat and to be a pain in the ass and to
do what he always does if this
is
usual he didn't do it for Ah I don't know if the
campfire Yeah yes the campfire he didn't do it to get
angry use heals even if they don't enter
your loot in your in your inventory I'm
telling you and I told him yesterday
on the call I say I'm telling you sincerely that
if I had known that the campfire
couldn't be used I wouldn't have used it I
mean I would have simply killed
Pico and that's it I tried it and I said Well
if it's allowed perfect and if not then let them
take the prize away from me what
did they do I mean the campfire wasn't
allowed I'm not going to get the
10,000 from that Victory or the victory or
anything and he well  He
apologized to me and the whole group for
saying uh the words he said
live So that's it we talked about it
privately guys uh it's solved it was a
moment of heat in
general terms the the tournament was very very
very fun man I had a
great time even after playing Pickaxe and
Bush Which obviously you have
nothing to do in the games but but I
also had a great time we made the
top two which I think was more
impressive that we made the top two in
Pickaxe and Bush to win Both
games with the Squad and for
future tournaments well we'll see What's
the way to of to get in because
Well if you don't get us in then
obviously it's a shame because we've
dedicated a lot of time to Fortnite And if you
get us in then uh it has to be nerfed
a little bit I'll also tell you the direction of the
tournament I think it would have been very
different if we had started
solo because solo you have very
little to do not with those nerfs but
in a group I actually proposed to
Rubius on call that in a group they
let us play together but that only two
could shoot  another will carry heals and
another utilities they didn't decide that they
decided something else then Maybe the
nerf for the Squad was little or
also how you want to see it because winning
a game without healing is also
crazy obviously We also
did uh a very big merit to
get it So nothing Yesterday was a
day I'm left with how fun it was we
solved it privately we
apologize to each other for what we
had to say to me I'm very
happy to be able to talk to him and
solve it and and do it that way in
an adult and mature way and also
Rubius told me today about playing some
games of Fortnite to which I
obviously told him yes that it
seems crazy to me I mean it was going to be cool if
we came live and said
yesterday we talked about it in private oh my god eh I
mean eh my god Let's see let's go see
Rubio to see what he
said Yes he's watching that clip
of this we talked about yesterday of course Agustn
felt super because I said the stupid thing
but of course I explained to him that this by the
way  I curse everyone in
the chat who started throwing
[ __ ] at them when they didn't say anything
man and they were arguing about the rules
because I believed it and it's my fault for
believing it for the next one I've learned
my mistake but come on, those
[ __ ] are crazy They're crazy Yes in the
end it's F's fault they were really the ones who
started it all I got carried away
later on by all the drama And such
But they were the ones who started it all man
if I had read that in the chat
none of this would have happened in the end it's
the kids in the
chat's fault it's that the strong thing is that it's true But
yes we were all talking yesterday and we
ended up well the truth is that it's
all chill I think that people
later make up their own stories and such
outside of live but I think we did
well more than feeding the show outside of
live you know eh I mean live so that they would
release more clips to say more things
talk about it outside of live calmly
like adults you know who we are that we
all have hair on our balls
and that's what we did man that's it, no
more
drama, no more
[Music]
drama
A also is that
I'm going to contact Mitia tomorrow
surely or well the people from Epic are going to
contact her to send the prize
which was the second place in
chopped floors she's going to take 10,000 bucks Boom
for the face I piss for her too I read
something that she was Rubier or something like that that she
was really excited that she watched my
videos a lot and that having won my tournament made her really, really
excited my aunt always
llis my aunt What did the people from Epic say did they
like the tournament Yeah let's see guys what is it that I
mean for Fortnite and for the
community and such in general it was a
super positive experience you know why
Fortnite reached like 900,000
viewers on Twitch that's
[ __ ] high Green Green a [ __ ]
F how long has that happened
when when
Fortnite reached those numbers it's crazy man it's
crazy since yesterday it's not happening well let's see it
probably happened in some other tournament or
something like that you know but
sncs I don't know I don't know that when it came out the
first day the first few days a
lot of  people and that's cool you know the
blond one doesn't look as excited
as the other one No Let's see let's see they
played together not to file the
laziness I can't find the song dude
there Every Time Touch what do we do Rubius
and I one day after the tournament people it's not
that literally on Twitter
God was messing around and after the
discord flame 2s seconds
later listen that I went to
Twitter before to react to the
best moments and I found a
trending topic ref and I say wow people
what's that again s it's been a long time since
the trending topic and and also it just was
tring to and we started playing
together shield we put How nice
How nice Well nothing boy are you going to
close I'm not going Yeah today I'll finish I'll finish
soon I don't know if I'll play more but with this is that
if I play more I'm going to get angry and I
'm like very good we won we have to
leave on high that's
clear I have a spectacular vibe right now
dude well Cool dude for the
next tournament we're doing this challenge
Who kills who okay okay And let's see who
we invent yeah [ __ ] great
come on a hug  to you chat to
everyone nothing the two of you have already been
sharing those images on Twitter not
of the chipeo Rubius and gref I don't know the
truth it seems to me a
bit I don't know how to describe that
situation the
truth is a situation a bit like how would
you say it
But
well but
well
what can I tell you